* DONE
In your Section 2, you should be less modest. Everything that is new should be
mentioned here. For example, your findings on the flawed proof, working out of
all details of Verbrugge’s proof. Alternative version of it, etc. is missing.
Everytime you add something, immediately update Section 2. Also, you may have a
bullet like: we gave more details on the following items: Lemma xxx, Theorem
yyy, etc.. Include the Agda code and refer to that in the current Item 4. I
still think you could consider including the Coq code too, or at least mention
that it has been done referring to an online repository.

* DONE
Try to be less concise in your prose (unless you really wish to stick to this
style).

* DONE
In Section 3: do we have a finite set of variables? Countable? etc. Use brackets
when saying (A->B) is a formula given A and B are

* DONE
Your binding scope is not standard: typically, both wedge and vee bind equally
strong but stronger than rhd which in turn binds stronger than →

jan: I think it is fine.

* DONE
Section 5: I think that important stuff needs a formal definition environment.
Make sure that there are no “naked” environments around: each of them needs some
text/prose before and after it to give it a rhetoric continuity.

* DONE
Your theorems, even when they are fully formalised should contain some comments.
Like: By an easy induction on the length of a proof. Also, give exact reference
to the Lemmas in the code (Agda or Coq) that you include in the appendix to this
thesis.

* DONE
In Theorem 9: do some nice ones on paper. Mind you, the average reader (Ramon,
Tommaso) may never have seen interpretability logics so some simple examples may
be of good use to them. Also, it seems that your Agda/Coq implementation differs
significantly from the Definition you give of IL: you claim that all tautologies
are axioms and then in Thm 9 you are proving them? I guess that you actually
have some Hilbert style axiomatisation. Reconcile the definition used in the
thesis and the one in Agda/Coq. Currently your practice is bad.

jan: I have updated the definition of IL. Pending to add some hilbert style proofs.

* TODO
Section 6

I say this once more and please apply it everywhere: I don’t like “naked” formal
environments. So, between the header of 6.1 and Definition 10 some text is
needed. Be gentle to the reader, take him/her by the hand and say what is going
on.

* TODO
Likewise Subsection 6.2 and Definition 15: some text is due. You may wish to
mention reminiscence to Neighbourhood semantics here with some references to the
literature. You can reuse stuff from our Paper on GVS for example reusing
material from Section 3.1 may be good here.

* TODO
Section 7

Should the title not be “Quasi transitivity”? Previous remarks apply to this
section: so some prose glue to nicely connect the formal items. Comments on the
proof, references the Agda code. You can look at our paper Section 3.2 to copy
from there: you are author of it and so are entitled to copy. If you copy, do
mention and duly reference so.

* DONE
Thm 19: given Montagna’s principle, I do not think it is a good idea to use M
here. Maybe {\sf Mon}? Include one informal item to see how such proofs proceed.
Can’t you think of a graphical representation of Thm 19?

* DONE
Section 8

You already mentioned monotonicity… make the text more coherent. Also, adding
some prose. Monotonicity simplifies arguments, definitions in filtrations
(double check with Luka why monotonicity is so desirable to have) and moreover
it is used standardly in the literature.

* TODO
On Page 22 you say “in this section” where I guess this should be “in this part
of the thesis”. Comments on this part of your thesis are in the handwritten
doodles.

* TODO
Part III

On Page 30. please try to be more eloquent and informative. You can mention
logics for essentially reflective theories (full induction), finitely
axiomatised, IL(All), IL(PRA), etc.

* TODO
Your current “An interpretability principle is a schema of modal formulas that
carries some special signifi- cance." is way too superficial and is like saying
“Catalan are nice people, they do things”
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NCTELUEsR0)


* TODO
Section 14: say why the ++_)D)*)& this principle M_0 is interesting: again, you
can use our paper as source of inspiration.

* DONE
Do you explain somewhere in your thesis what the reading convention for your
frame condition diagrams is?
Jan: in section "Notation".

* TODO
Section 15 I see mention of IL(All): is that the first time?

* DONE
Section 19 R^n is not a principle, it is a series… In Section 19.1: this is not
really informative. Maybe comment on it or just include it?

* TODO
I miss a discussion on what it means to have an informative frame condition…
What you have is a mere direct translation of what it means to be valid on all
frames. Is this really informative? You can relate this to the mere statement of
the Lob’s frame condition compared to being Noetherian, and compare R_1 to it’s
direct translation. This is an important observation we stumbled upon. Maybe
this discussion can be included in the current Section 21 but then should be
forward reference in 19.

* TODO
Section 20

I guess this will be removed? Or otherwise expanded upon?

I will leave comments on Part IV for later.

* TODO
Part V Give some more bla on Page 98 (first page of Agda in the project)

* DONE
Section 32.1 it might be nice to include some pictures? Also, mention that you
wrote this eDSL which is another new contribution in Section 2.

* TODO
I see no reference to our abstract in the collection of extended abstracts of
the informal AIML proceedings. This should be included and probably also in
Luka’s PhD.

OK, that’s it for the moment.
